Wow! You were on fire, Bugaboo!
You never beat a villain
so fast! Pound it!
Bugaboo? Something wrong?
Uh, pound it, yeah. Heh, heh!
Hey! Why not check one more time
that everything's OK in Paris?
Like an extra patrol.
What's going on?
You didn't even scold me
when I said "Bugaboo".
Nothing's going on!
Everything is great!
I just have extra time
and don't feel like chatting.
I know the perfect place
where there's no talking.
I'm all in!
Oh, my darling,
why can't you love me?
- You tricked me!
- Shh! No talking you said!
That's Ladybug and Cat Noir.
I'm keeping too many secrets
from you, Ronaldo!
Stop giving me those puppy eyes,
OK? I'll tell you everything.
I'm leading a double life,
Ronaldo!
Are you kidding me?
Don't tell him anything, fool!
Could you keep it down?
Romantic comedies are lame.
It's totally not realistic!
In real life, she'd take forever
to tell him she loves him
without stuttering, blablabla!
So how could she know
if he loves her back?
So she decides she can never
be with him and bam!
She falls in love with another
guy and it's almost too easy.
No stuttering, they hold hands,
kiss, and then... surprise!
She has secrets!
And he hates secrets, of course!
So they break up and everyone
lives unhappily ever after.
The end. And that's why romantic
comedies are so lame! (Slurps)
- So sorry. We'll be going now!
- (Slurps)
Stay away
from the romantic comedy.
Go for Heroic Heroes 8 instead.
Special effects, heroes,
no feelings, no questions!
Nobody talks
'cause there's nothing to say!
That is good entertainment
for sure! Hmm!
(Nervous laugh) Sorry.
Listen, I didn't get everything
you said and know nothing
about your life, but I do know
what heartbreak sounds like --
Heartbreak? Me? Ha, ha!
That is not it at all!
Everything's fine.
In fact, I feel like swimming!
- Let's go to the pool!
- If you ever wanna talk,
- I'm here for you.
- Swimming! Woohoo!
(Sighs)
It's so sad!
I told you we should've
taken those photos down!
Stop! I'm not sad and these
photos don't bother me at all.
They're just shots
of fashion and friends,
and I love fashion and I love
my friends. So, it's all good!
- There's no problem. See?
- Hmm.
So, Marinette's got a problem.
Her heart's been broken.
At first,
she's crazy about Adrien,
but she's never told him
because, well, she's Marinette,
and he's Adrien!
Then comes along Luka.
Marinette can talk to him,
because he's, well, Luka.
So they start dating.
- They were so cute together!
- Yeah, except they broke up.
- He looks super sad.
- Aw.
But the real problem here is
that she never told us anything.
If Luka hadn't told Juleka,
who told Rose, who told Mylène,
who then told Alix,
who finally told me,
then I,
her BF in the whole world,
would still be in the dark!
Yesterday, I was in the restroom
and I heard her crying.
Marinette? Have you been crying?
(Sobbing) Me? Crying? Are
you kidding? I'm super happy!
Let's celebrate
and have a party! I'm so happy!
Why is she keeping
all these secrets from us?
If she's not telling Alya,
there's a real problem.
- What do we do?
- She needs an intervention.
Let's all call her up
and see how she's doing.
Rabbit check. Two, two.
(Ringing)
- She's not picking up.
- Marinette. Leave a message!
- ALYA: Hey, Marinette, it's us!
- Hi, there!
We're here if you need to talk,
whenever you want,
wherever you want. Call us.
We love you! Big hugs!
- We gotta do something.
- We need Tikki.
I got this!
Why aren't you using
the talking light box
- to speak to your friends?
- About what?
Everything is fine.
Shouldn't you detransform, then?
No, I'm better off like this.
If Shadow Moth attacks Paris,
I'll be ready for action
at any time.
Yes, but what about Tikki?
She might need to rest a bit,
maybe eat something.
Oh, no! Tikki. Spots off!
- Are you OK, Tikki?
- Better than you, Marinette.
We should have a little talk.
Maybe we should go there.
What do you think?
We'll give her this bracelet,
so she never forgets
we'll always be there for her.
I read that an ancient
South American tribe
did something like this.
You tell a secret to the bead
in your mind. Once Marinette
adds her secret to the bead,
this bracelet
will unite us all forever.
- ALL: Woohoo!
- Ready?
Wouldn't it be more logical
to take her out
and help her work out
her love problems?
OK.
As long as I'm Ladybug, I can't
have loved ones in my life.
- What makes you say that?
- You know why.
I had to break up with Luka
'cause I couldn't be truthful.
It'd be the same with Adrien.
I can't share my secret
with either of them.
I can't be honest
with my closest friends
or my parents about anything!
I'm doomed to be a big liar
to everyone, forever.
What do I do, Tikki?
I wish I could tell you,
but kwamis don't fall in love.
You see? No one can help me.
My life as Marinette
is too complicated.
I should just be Ladybug
all of the time.
Tikki, spots on!
- ALYA: Marinette!
- (Gasp)
Marinette?
Wow! Check this out, girls.
This is new. Aw... it's so cute!
Another one of Marinette's
cool creations!
She must be on the patio.
I'll go get her.
What are you waiting for,
Shadow Moth? Here I am!
- Marinette!
- (Gasps) Spots off!
- Why are you here?
Just checking in on you, girl.
Looks just like a real house.
Look how the roof comes off!
Don't touch that! Move away!
(Gasp)
- Sorry, Marinette.
- Please leave my room.
Chill out.
It's just a doll house.
- We'll totally help.
- No, you won't! Please go!
OK, there's clearly
something wrong
and we're not leaving you
till you tell us what it is.
Each of us told their secrets
to this bracelet.
- It's your turn now.
- The only problem is you guys,
still hanging out in my room,
which is not cool.
If we're your friends,
you can confide in us.
Real friends don't ever
let each other down!
Well, then, maybe I don't want
you to be my friends. Get out!
(Sobs)
I had no choice, Tikki.
I had to do it.
I know, Marinette.
At least now I won't
have to lie any more
since there'll be
no one to lie to.
Is everything OK? Girls?
Several fragile hearts
that break all at the same time.
What a lovely symphony
for my akumas.
Fly away, my akuma,
and evilise them!
I just lost my best friend.
I really thought it would work.
(Sobs) This is so sad!
(Mutters indistinctly)
This cannot end like this.
Gang of Secrets,
I am Shadow Moth.
Your friend wouldn't
reveal her secrets to you?
I will give you
all the powers you need
to force her to give them up!
All that I want in exchange
are Ladybug and Cat Noir's
Miraculous!
Marinette will stay our friend.
Whether she wants to or not.
And she'll keep
no secrets from us.
(Mutters indistinctly)
I'll be in charge
of capturing her.
I'll force her to reveal
what she's been hiding.
I'll turn back time to return
everything to the way it was.
We'll comfort her
and she'll be our friend again.
And if Ladybug and Cat Noir
try to stand in our way,
Horrificator
will keep them busy!
(Sighs)
I'm here for you, Marinette.
I'm your friend.
You will tell us
all your secrets
and you will feel
so much better!
You really shouldn't be
doing this, Trixx.
Remember the last time
you used your power?
Marinette must not
reveal her secret! Mirage!
How did she... ?
Don't run away, Marinette.
We're friends, aren't we?
Follow me!
Thanks, Trixx.
Tikki, spots on!
Ha!
When a kwami uses their power
without a holder,
doesn't it often
set off a catastrophe?
My power creates illusions,
so the effects
will hopefully just be
in their imaginations.
Oh, come on.
Her Miraculous Ladybug
will make everything
all right anyway.
I hope.
Oh, Trixx!
A strange phenomenon
has hit the Eiffel Tower.
- We advise Parisians...
- I'll bet you a camembert
- that this is Trixx's doing!
- Trixx?
- The kwami of illusion.
- Still, Ladybug needs our help.
Great. Even when I'm not
the one who made the mess,
I still have to help
clean it up!
Plagg, claws out!
Marinette...
Aaah!
Has anyone seen
Marinette Dupain-Cheng?
- Huh?
- Then you'll help us find her!
(Coughing)
At your service,
Princess Fragrance!
She's got to be here somewhere.
Let's split up.
Aaah!
Hey there! Supervillains having
a party and didn't invite us?
They're looking for Marinette.
Haven't we saved her
a bunch of times?
You'd think everyone
would like her.
Apparently, she's alienated
all her friends at once!
- You still there?
- Just thinking.
With five villains, it won't be
easy to find the akuma.
I bet you already have an idea.
I'll isolate one of the villains
and get her to tell me
where it is.
Meanwhile, stop Timebreaker
from going back in the past.
Otherwise she could
really screw up my plan.
- Good luck, Milady.
- Thanks. You too.
Hey, it's been a while.
How's it ticking,
Miss Timekeeper?
It's Timebreaker.
And I don't have a second
to lose talking to you.
Ha! Bummer for you, Ladybug.
I don't have the akuma!
No biggie, I just wanted
to talk to you anyway.
I've got nothing to say to you.
Your friend, Lady Wifi,
is having trouble with Ladybug.
Drat!
Hey!
Don't you want to play any more?
Alya, from what I understand,
you've been having some issues
with your best friend.
Her name's Marinette, right?
I don't know what happened,
but let me tell you
about a friend of mine.
She's a superhero.
You know Rena Rouge, right?
We keep secrets
from one another,
because of my secret identity.
But we still trust each other.
And that's why
we can fight side by side.
You can reject the power
that Shadow Moth gave you.
SHADOW MOTH:
Don't listen to her.
If you do, you'll never know
your friend's secrets
or Ladybug's.
I trust you completely, Alya.
And I need you.
I need Rena Rouge.
Argh! That's... impossible!
Wow!
No one has ever done that.
You're amazing!
It's 'cause you're
an amazing friend, Ladybug.
- Pound it!
The Gang of Secrets is
looking for you. I'm on it,
but I don't know how long I can
hold them off all by myself.
Lady Wifi has betrayed you.
She chose Ladybug's side.
Hurry up
and seize his Miraculous
so you can take care of the bug.
- Which object holds the akuma?
- It's in a bracelet.
Timebreaker must have it. But
you can't take on four villains.
I think this calls for
the master of illusion!
- Whoa! How'd you do that?
- There have been a few upgrades
since I became
Guardian of the Miraculous.
You're Guardian of the... ?
(Gasps)
Yeah. Keep it on the down low.
Not a word on the Ladyblog.
You know I know
how to keep a secret.
Trixx, let's pounce!
No cataclysm
toe.
We need to hurry!
Lucky charm!
OK, I got a plan. Listen...
The moment you touch it,
who knows what'll happen to you!
Why bother taking it when
I can order you to give to me?
Give them what they want, now!
Mirage!
Cat Noir! No!
Marinette!
Catch her!
No! Take his Miraculous first!
Come back!
Thank you. I was a whisker away
from Cat-astrophe.
That's what friends are for,
my kitty cat!
OK!
You two get to the pool, now.
- And you?
- I'll keep our guests busy!
Rena Rouge will explain
the rest of the plan!
- Argh!
- Seize Ladybug!
Take her Miraculous!
Take care of her.
I'll deal with Marinette!
- Groar!
- You're on, Princess!
It's time to give up
your secret, Marinette!
Soon you're going to do anything
we demand of you, Ladybug.
For starters,
give us your Miraculous, now.
Finally.
There's nowhere to go!
Mirage! Vanish!
Cataclysm!
Thank you, Ladybug!
No more evil-doing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Pound it?
- Pound it!
- You've made mistakes before,
Ladybug,
and you'll make them again.
One day,
I will discover your secret.
Let's rest.
Thank you, Ladybug.
You know,
without you and Cat Noir,
I'd not have made it
through today.
I'm really lucky
to have friends like you.
So, thank you.
It's true, breaking up
with Luka broke my heart.
And never being able
to tell Adrien how I feel
is just as painful.
Love is too difficult.
I think... I think
I'm gonna stick to friendship.
That's about
all I can handle right now.
- Take your time.
- It'll all work out.
And whatever happens,
we'll always be here for you.
When you're ready for love,
make sure you tell us,
so we can help you with a sick
new plan to win over Adrien,
- Luka, or whoever!
- (Laughter)
Girls, it's you who I love!
- Bye, Marinette
- Bye! See you tomorrow!
You go ahead. I just have one
last thing to say to Marinette.
You didn't tell us everything,
did you?
A journalist, and a BFF,
can tell these things.
I won't try to figure it out
or force it out of you.
If you can't tell me what's
in your heart, it's your right.
Will we still be friends?
Marinette, I'm your best friend,
and I'll always be.
That's why it kills me
I can't help you
with whatever is
making you feel so alone.
(Sighs)
Alya, wait. Stay.
You're right. I am alone.
More than ever before.
I can barely take it any more.
You know why
I broke up with Luka?
Not because I don't like him.
He's amazing!
But there's something
I can't tell him.
You know why I have to forget
Adrien? For the same reason.
You're right. I keep secrets.
I lie all the time.
I lie to my friends,
to my parents, to everyone.
And the worse thing is
I can't do it any other way.
- There's always another way.
- No, not this time.
I have no choice.
All this is bigger than us,
Alya. Way too big.
If it's too big, two of us
can handle it better than one.
If I tell you,
things will never be the same.
It'll mess up everything,
maybe even destroy it!
Marinette,
I'm your very best friend.
And I...
I'm Ladybug.
(Miraculous theme)